Introduce a minimum CGU size in non-incremental builds. (#112448)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/codegen-options/index.md

## codegen-units

This flag controls the maximum number of code generation units the crate is

> split into. (The exact number will depend on the size and structure of the
> crate's source code.) It takes an integer greater than 0.

Reviewer: I could see the parenthetical statement being interpreted as "we may create more CGUs than the value you specified". Maybe this formulation is more clear on that point? 
 
```suggestion
split into. (Fewer code generation units may be created depending on the 
size and structure of the crate's source code.) It takes an integer 
greater than 0.
```

Author: I'll remove the parenthetical. The important part of the change is specifying that it's a maximum.
